{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10340\viewh16060\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Read the following before you install Xsan. It includes information about Xsan, system and storage network requirements.
\b\fs32 \
\
About Xsan
\b0\fs26 \
\
Xsan is a high-performance SAN file system for Mac OS X and Mac OS X Server. Xsan enables you to share one or more RAID devices with multiple servers or workstations. With the Xsan file system installed, these computers can read and write to the same storage volume at the same time. \
\
Xsan includes all the software required for a complete SAN solution including the metadata controller software, the file system client software and integrated setup, management and monitoring tools.\
\

\b\fs32 System requirements 
\b0\fs26 \
\
You can install this version of Xsan on any Macintosh computer with: \
\pard\tx360\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\'95 	Mac OS X or Mac OS X Server version 10.5 or 10.6\
\
\'95 	an Intel processor\
\
\'95 	at least 2GB of RAM\
\
\'95 	Apple Fibre Channel card\
\
To be used as a metadata controller, Xsan must be installed on Mac OS X Server. An additional 2GB of RAM is required on the metadata controller for each hosted volume. For maximum performance, a dedicated Ethernet interface is recommended for file system metadata communications.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs32 \cf0 \
Storage and networking requirements 
\b0\fs26 \
\
Xsan requires the following storage and network components: \
\
\'95   Switched Ethernet LAN\
\
\'95   RAID storage system\
\
\'95   Fibre Channel switch\
\
A list of qualified RAID and Fibre Channel switches are available on the Xsan website at:\
\
\'95	www.apple.com/xsan/
\fs28 \
\

\b\fs32 Upgrading from a previous version
\b0\fs26 \
\
If you are upgrading from a previous version of Xsan, see the Xsan 2 Migration Guide at:\
\
\'95	www.apple.com/xsan/\
\

\b\fs32 Advice about hardware compatibility 
\b0\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Before using Xsan, you may need to update the firmware of the devices in your storage area network. See the Apple Knowledge Base for a list of qualified firmware versions for RAID and Fibre Channel products tested for use with Xsan. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\fs22 \cf0 Copyright \'a9 2009 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Mac, Macintosh, Mac OS, Xsan and Xserve are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.}